# Dexterity_forum
Dexterity forum project is developed using PHP and MySQL and is based on the idea of sharing knowledge using internet. The project is made up of two modules users and admin. Users can register themselves, ask questions, and answer anyone’s question, approve an answer given to asked question. Admin can create read update and delete notifications, which will be shown no landing page of users.
Dexterity Forum is a web-based application that brings people together with shared interest and mind-set. The use of forum has emerged as a common tool and an effective way of engaging students outside the classroom. Forum is an e-learning platform that provides students with privilege to post messages to the discussion threads, interact and receive feedback from other students and instructor, and hence create a deeper understanding of the subject matter being discussed. In education, they have been deployed to complement traditional learning techniques such as lectures and tutorials. Discussion forums harmonize with the educational philosophy that makes communication a necessary tool and fundamental mechanism for effective learning. It was discovered that the interaction of the learners with both human and inanimate objects, and their participation in technology mediated education, were essential for the quality of their learning experience, which can enrich the process of knowledge exchange among participants and has positive effects on the students’ performance. Consequently, discussion forums can be successful in enhancing collaborative learning by attracting students to participate and interact.
how to run the project?
Open localhost/phpmyadmin in any browser
Create Database named “df”.
Import database df.sql.
Open Chrome or Firefox put URL: “http://localhost/file_name/”
